Add Ollama model documentation (#153)
agno-agi/agno-docs: concepts/models/ollama.mdx

description: Learn how to use Ollama with Agno.
---

> Run Large Language Models locally or via Ollama Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run large language models with Ollama, either locally or through Ollama Cloud.
```

[Ollama](https://ollama.com) is a fantastic tool for running models both locally and in the cloud.

**Local Usage**: Run models on your own hardware using the Ollama client.

> **Cloud Usage**: Access cloud-hosted models via [Ollama Cloud](https://ollama.com) with an API key for scalable, production-ready deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Cloud Usage**: Access cloud-hosted models via [Ollama Cloud](https://ollama.com) with an API key. 
```

ollama pull llama3.1
```

### Cloud Usage

> For Ollama Cloud, no local installation is required. Simply set up your API key as described in the Authentication section above, and you can access cloud-hosted models directly.

Reviewer: Ollama library is still required
